# My background  
My name is Hieu, student number is s3660832. I am Vietnamese currently 21 years old working part-time in warehousing. I speak 2 languages Vietnamese and English fluently, my favourite hobbies are playing Pc games and working on Japanese cars, I also have German shepherd as my companion pet, her name is Rexy and she is lovely. 

# My Interest In I.T 
I started to take interest in I.T at the age of 5 when my father let me use his early 2000s laptop running windows XP. I can remember the first game I played was a flight simulator and ever since that, I am constantly on it browsing and exploring taking deep interest on the “Internet”. After some time working, I have decided to go back to studies mainly to have a career that I am interest in. I have decided to study at RMIT because I heard good reviews through my friends on taking the course and he said that he has “learnt and improve skills and able to use programs/tools to develop applications”. I also did my own research on RMIT upon before taking the course and find that the instructor is nice and willing to help you excel. I am expecting to learn the basics of programming at the end of this course and getting the ideas of how codes are written in eclipse.

# My ideal Job 
https://www.seek.com.au/job/39084915?searchrequesttoken=a9aad2d9-e6d5-4333-93ca-4d2ee822dcbe&type=standout
My ideal job is to become a game developer/programmer as I love gaming and would love to extend my knowledge of how to create and operate a game. At Coal Services Pty Ltd is offering a full time position as a Unity Developer. This role is a 12 month contract that involves being responsible of their VR Technologies (VRT) Developing interactive experiences. What makes this job appealing to me is the focus of VR technologies utilized as I have an interest in this innovative piece of technology.
As many jobs require, communicative and interpersonal skill are a must. For this role it’s advantageous to have background experience in Unity engine development. In terms of tertiary qualifications, programming or equivalent industry is beneficial requirement. The main experience requirement is C# programming experience working with digital art assets (models, textures, and images, audio).
Currently, I have no qualifications or relevant experience to the above, but I a general idea of what the Unity 3d engine does and what use is for and i have no experience in using it. 
To obtain this role I must gain experience relevant to this role such as C# programming and Unity Engine Development. In order to gain these required experiences, i must follow through the completion of Bachelor of I.T and further develop my knowledge in many different I.T field. In hope of gaining traction, in my spare time research VRT Technologies to expose myself to this field for this role. 
 
# Test Results 
 
Myers-Briggs Indicator test results:
I learnt that my personality trait ISTJ characteristic makes up 9% of the population. Upon analysing the results I've feel these Myers Briggs results really portray me and what my values are. I was surprise how accurate and precise this test was in terms of who I am and makes me a hard working individual. According to results I am a dedicated and responsible, efficient, systematic, organized and reliable. These characteristic can benefit in a team environment entered on team work and collaborating. ISTJ are very organize and dedicated which is an essential to a successful working environment in a team. 

Education Planner test results: 
After taking this test I find that I am tactile person who likes doing hands on things and learn better with physical activity involved. In terms how these results may influence my behaviour in a team will mainly aid if there team assessment/task is a physical and hands on one. I am best suited for practical tasks and roles, where others prefer reading and learning via books and studying. If I was to form a team, I would find others who were more suited for non-practical tasks so that the spread of the team was all round. I would dedicate the physical aspects of an assessment to myself and assign other non-practical tasks to my teammates. 

How-to-study.com Test 
According to the results, it informs me that I am a visual Learner, and that I tend to learn better visualizing an example first before perfecting it, the website encourages to include illustration as I take notes. This can influence my behaviour in a team by having an example to improvise in order to create a goal vision. By being a visual learner, I feel that I can benefit a team by being able to create efficient and effective diagrams that can visualise concept maps and symbols to aid my teammates in reaching our goal at hand or team assessment. In regards to how this will effect forming a team, I am aware that in order for a team to be efficient and successful, there needs to be delegation of tasks and roles to different members of the team. As I am a visual learner, I feel that I can assign and diligently do the visual aspects of the tasks at hand while others work on the remaining parts of the tasks. 

# Project idea

Overview 
I want to create an app on both Android and IOS platform using the same server for the public to interact/updating real-time police locations and booze/drug busses. This involves users to update police locations warning others there are police in the area. If you're not on the application there will be a notification/alert that shows on your device. The purpose of this application will be to inform users of highly crowded police areas as this will safe time on your destination. Booze buses/drug trucks create congestion on main roads which causes traffic which will delay your arrival time. By allowing users the option of avoiding these areas, overall congestion will be spread out and not as heavily populated especially during peak hour traffic times. 

Motivation
The main benefit that this will provide users and drivers would be an efficient and effective use for all drivers in suburban areas. This application will ensure that congestion on main roads during peak times is more controlled. Traffic on Melbourne roads and freeways are already heavily under scrutiny and traffic detection applications would be effective for monitoring and ensuring that these popular routes are free of further traffic. By providing users with the option of avoiding these congested areas, this will support other drivers by providing different routes to avoid over populated roads and streets that have drug buses stopping cars. 

Description 
As you already know this app will have police nearby alerts within 5km radius when another user has pin point the location as a main feature. Another beneficial feature is having camera warnings nearby from saving you from copping a speeding fine and losing your license. By having camera detection warnings and signage’s, this will allow drivers to follow the rules accordingly to avoid losing demerit points and fines. One of our finer features that will steer us apart from the competition will be our special niche of having insiders with an ear on police radio to detect their future locations of setting up booze buses and drug buses. We will pass along this information and useful data to our team who will then utilize this data for the greater good for our drivers. Many other map based applications are very broad and don't have specific features that involve police drug bus location set ups. Another one of our very own features would be our subscription based account that focuses on user input. This can include users confirming/listing out where they see speed/red light cameras in areas that aren't shown on the map, as-well as heavy car accidents that are causing traffic. The more manual inputs that are provided, the more points users will receive. These points will be redeemable through our sponsors of Qantas points and EFTPOS gift cards. 


https://www.appypie.com/map-app-builder
In order to create this app I would use Appy Pie's map app maker with some tweaks and adjustments for users interfaces having to update or upload pin point a location with police nearby. Other adjustments require is to let user know when they are approaching the police as alerts. The hardware I'll be using to run this app is a computer to run servers and to write codes adjustments. I also be using an android and apple (IOS) devices to see if the app is running properly. 


Skills required to create this app is general literacy and understanding I.T fundamentals and basics. For this type of software, creativity and understanding basic geographical applications would create solid fundamental grounds for my application. By having creative skills and experiences in visual presentation and adding in appealing and aesethetically pleasing design layout and interface. This type of application is best suited for those with previous experiences in using websites like Wix and basic online website application designing. Practice is the best way to ensure that the application that is being made is fundamentally a solid application with as few flaws as can be, while also enticing potential customers to utilize the application with visually pleasing interface. 


If this app is successful this will gain a lot of attractions to a lot more users, It will be trending on the app store and play store. This will make individual daily life easier where they can avoid police and traffic congestions and able get notify when approaching a safety camera. Hopefully many people will participate on this app to create a helping community looking out for each other as a social participation. The impact on this development will have a positive effect on the driving community as it will aid traffic congestion and potentially minimize driving penalties.
